chore(docs): refine the "getting started with modeling" page (#656)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/getting-started.mdx

  />
</div>

> Answering that question for all object types in your system codifies your authorization model.

Reviewer: I don't think this is saying the same thing as the previous sentence.

It used to say, finish these steps then you can write your authorization model, now it says: finishes these steps and you would have written your authorization model

Author: How about:

Answering that question for all object types in your system means your authorization model can be codified.

---

## A Process For Defining Authorization Models

> Below is one iteration of the codification process, using a simplified Google Drive-like system as an example. The following steps define your authorization model:

Reviewer: maybe codification is the wrong term here, can we replace it with something else

```suggestion
Below is one iteration of defining an authorization model for your system, using a simplified Google Drive-like system as an example. The following are the steps for this iteration:
```

  }}
/>

:::info Important

> Though you're in the process of building a version you can use, the model above is not yet a valid authorization model accepted by <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is no longer true

> In a few cases, other users can determine whether one action can be performed on another action. For example, on social media, sometimes a user can comment on a picture if they are a friend of the user that published it.

Reviewer: I don't think this whole note is helpful here, let's remove it. It used to be back in back in the day where we didn't require a type for an object

Author: Fair enough!

> In those cases [**User** must be an object type](./building-blocks/object-to-object-relationships.mdx), and you would discover the User type because it is a second noun in an expression `friend of the user`.

Reviewer: Let's remove

:::

### 03. List Relations For Those Types

![List relations for those types](./assets/getting-started-diagram-04.svg)

Each previously defined type has a set of relations. A process similar to that above to [list the type of objects in your system](#02-list-the-object-types) defines your system's relations.

Relations for a type \{type\} will be all of these:

> - any noun that is the \{noun\} of a "\{noun\} of a/an/the \{type\}" expression. These are typically the Foreign Keys in a database, highlighted below in <span className="green-highlight-text">green</span>.

Reviewer: I feel by removing the bold, we're no longer highlighting an important point we want to stress

Author: That's not how the Docs style guide recommends **bold** be used. One thing I'm going to do pretty soon is work on a modified style guide for FGA, but for now, I'd like to hew pretty closely to the original style guide.

</ColumnLayout>

:::info

> In <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>, relations may only use alphanumeric characters, underscores and hyphens. We recommend using underscore (\_) to separate words and removing prepositions, so `can create a document` becomes `can_create_document` or `create_document`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>, relations may only use alphanumeric characters, underscores and hyphens. We recommend using underscore (\_) to separate words and removing prepositions, so `can create a document` becomes `can_create_document`.
```

Let's just stick to the first

:::

> Enumerate relations for each type with the<UpdateProductNameInLinks link="../configuration-language" name="{ProductName} Configuration Language" />:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enumerate relations for each type with the <UpdateProductNameInLinks link="../configuration-language" name="{ProductName} Configuration Language" />:
```
